" You can be useful to me? You, who can't even save yourself, can be useful to me? You, who needs to beg for your life from me, can be useful to me? Why do you think I would ever need you or someone like you? What can you do that I cannot? Tell me one use of yours that I might need you for, and I might let you live."

"I-i..." The old man stuttered. " I know this place from top to bottom. I know all the secrets of Atlantis. I can help you easily take over this place and leave you to all that treasures that we have collected throughout the years. Let me leave. I'll make sure that I make it worth your time. Moreover, I also have a beautiful granddaughter. I can also give her hand in marriage. I'm sure you love her. She's the prettiest woman in Atlantis!"

" You know I've seen many shameless people in my life, but I've never seen one as shameless as you. You even thought about selling your daughter to me for your life? I don't even know how to react to that, but if you were thinking that I let you live after hearing that, then you were quite wrong. People like you don't deserve to live, and they don't deserve to be fathers. If you can't even respect your own daughter, how will you respect me after I let you live?" Lucifer asked, shaking his head.

He slowly raised this right hand towards the man at the end of the hall. The Royal Advisor felt as if his body was suddenly caught by an invisible force. His body suddenly started being pulled towards Lucifer, who had taken his seat on the throne once again, inside the barrier that the old man had cast.

The old man's body flew towards Lucifer but stopped right before it could reach the barrier. Old man landed on his knees and had his head lowered towards Lucifer as if he was his king?

Lucifer sat on the throne with pure confidence, looking down on the old man.

"You know so many things have happened since the day I met you: some good things and some bad things. Let's start with good first. It's because of you that I got to know that there is an even bigger world outside and stronger forces that control them. If you haven't trapped me in your barrier, I might never have known about them. And I would still be ignorant."


"It is also because I met them that I managed to find the way about the missing stones that I was looking for. So I guess that credit also goes to you partially."

"So I should let you live, shouldn't I? Since good things happened because of you?" Lucifer inquired.

"Y-yes!" The man nodded hastily. "Whatever happened was in the past, and I'm glad it resulted in your benefit. So you should let me live."

"Not so fast. Let me tell you the bad things that happened. Then you can decide properly," Lucifer smiled.

"Because you trapped me, I had almost died. I was tossed into space where I might be floating even now if that ship had not found me. So I might have been forced to live in eternity in darkness all because of you. That's the first thing."

"Secondly, because I was tossed in the space, I wasn't able to get back to Triton on time, and all my men who had fought for me since the beginning had died fighting. Even the people who were like family to me had died because I wasn't there to protect them, and it's all because of you. I've never lost so many men that I lost that day all because of you."

"Third, It's because of me not being there that Jian managed to defeat the Uprising right in front of the entire world. Because of that Uprising went through such embarrassment. The fear we had created in the entire world was gone in a single day. We were so close to having the entire world surrendered before us, but we were back to square one now because you stopped me."

As Lucifer kept explaining, the old man felt his heart thumping. The positives that Lucifer said were certainly less than the negatives. Did that mean he was going to die?

"Now you tell me should I kill you or should I not kill you? What do you think?" Lucifer asked.

In the background, the King had already stood up. He had sneakily started moving towards the door, intending to sneak out of the room. Unfortunately, as soon as I reached the door and touched it, he felt the space around him change. His body was suddenly standing back where he started as if he was teleported back.

"My dear King, I told you you won't be able to leave. Think of the answer to my question. Don't waste your time on other things," Lucifer reminded the King.

It was as if this place was the hostage of Lucifer now. One of the strongest places in this world belonged to Lucifer now.

Lucifer shifted his attention back to the old man. "Have you decided if I should let you leave or not, depending on what I told you?"

"L-let me live. Please let me live. I think the positives are better than the negatives. Knowing about the external world is certainly more useful!" The old man replied.

"Really??? So you think knowing about the outside world is more important than losing your family and friends?" Lucifer asked. "Well, you know you had been honest; I might've let you live since you were just doing your job, but even now, you lie. Sigh." Lucifer shook his head.

A slit appeared around the neck of the old man as his body dropped to the ground. His eyes remained open even as he died.

That left only the King in the room other than Lucifer, and it was his turn. His body flew towards Lucifer this time.

As the King was forced onto his knees, he felt so humiliated. Throughout the years, he sat on the throne, and the world sat on its knees before him. Now, it was him who was forced to bow before someone. He felt like dying already.


'This damn AI! Why isn't this thing working suddenly!' he thought in frustration.

"So tell me, what's the difference between you and a Variant?" Lucifer asked. "Let me see if you can know how I defeated you all today."

"I am merciful and kind. Variants are arrogant and ruthless! That's the difference!" The King declared.

Before the King could do anything, the Royal Advisor stepped forward. He needed to save his reputation. Lucifer turned out to be alive even after he had said for sure that he killed him.

Now that he was here, the only way the Royal Advisor could salvage his reputation was by stopping Lucifer.

"You pest, I don't know how you survived, but you won't for long!"

He raised his hand towards Lucifer. The same sphere appeared all around Lucifer and the throne in which he was trapped by the Royal Advisor before the explosion.

It was the same sphere that Lucifer couldn't break out of last time as it kept adjusting and strengthening itself based on the data about Lucifer's abilities. It even stopped the Teleportation of Lucifer at that time.

Instead of getting worried and trying to get out of the sphere as he tried last time, Lucifer just sat on the throne comfortably as if not even caring about the sphere that had trapped him.

"You seem to be pretty arrogant this time. You won't try to escape now?" The Royal Advisor asked.


Ignoring the Royal Advisor, Lucifer shifted his attention to the King. "Are your dogs allowed to bark when two kings are speaking? It would be better if you keep them on a leash."

"You!" The Royal Advisor had never felt as insulted as he was feeling now that he was addressed as a dog.

Unfortunately, he wasn't even allowed to express his anger as the King gestured for him to stay silent.

The middle-aged King stepped closer to Lucifer. "May I know what is giving you so much confidence that you came here despite knowing we'll kill you?"

"Maybe I want to die?" Lucifer lazily stated. Unfortunately, even if that was true, you aren't capable, so my reasons behind coming here are different."

The King's face twitched in anger, but he didn't attack. He was more curious to know about this guy's mentality behind coming here and still being so arrogant. Was he crazy?

"I want you to do two things for me, and I'll leave."

"What two things?" Amused, the King asked. He had no intentions of fulfilling his demands, but he was still curious as to what Lucifer was going to ask.

" Firstly, I want you to lead me to the portal that can take me back to Triton. And secondly, I want the names of everyone who was responsible for the plot to kill Eve," Lucifer declared. "Oh, I mean other than you yourself and that old man who thinks this barrier can stop me. I want to know who else was responsible or knew about it?"

"And what if I don't tell you?" the King asked, frowning.

"Then I'll just have to kill you," Lucifer replied.

"I would certainly love to see you try," The King scoffed, noticing Lucifer in a Barrier. He knew there was no way for Lucifer to get out of the barrier. Even though the barrier of the Royal adviser wasn't as strong as his, it was still second best to none. There was no way Lucifer could get out of this barrier.

"Sure." Lucifer flashed a bright grin as he stretched his arms. He even let out a yawn before he stood up.

He stepped forward, stepping away from the throne.

"What? How is this possible?" The King exclaimed, stunned. Lucifer had passed through the barrier as if he was a ghost.

Without wasting even a single second, Lucifer kept stepping toward the King. With each of his steps, one body of a minister dropped.

Thud~

Thud~

Sounds of bodies dropping kept echoing with his footsteps as the humans dropped to the ground.

"How is this possible? How are they dying?" The King exclaimed in shock. Generally, they shouldn't have died. They all had the technologically advanced gloves, which should've teleported them away from any life-threatening attack. Why weren't they safe then? Just what was this person?

The King couldn't wait anymore. He couldn't waste time in trying to understand what Lucifer was. His men were dying, and he didn't want to take the risk. He decided to kill Lucifer.

"I wanted to see what you were capable of and understand your decision behind coming here, but I've had enough. You aren't worthy of living!" The man raised his gloves towards Lucifer.

"It's time you die!" He declared as he snapped his fingers.

Following the snap, Lucifer held his chest as he stopped in his tracks as if his breathing had stopped. It was as if he was going through suffocation.

A smirk formed on the lips of the man. "I told you, you aren't worthy to stand before us."

"Hahaha!" Lucifer suddenly burst into laughter as he stopped acting. "That was fun."

He stood straight as he stretched his arms again, letting out another yawn as if he was feeling a bit sleepy since it was too easy.

"You know what the big difference between you and me is?" Lucifer inquired as he stopped just a few inches before the King.

The King kept trying to use his AI to teleport him away or help him in any way, but that thing had gone silent entirely. It was as if something had gone wrong, and without the Ai, he was nothing but an ordinary human who wasn't any special.

Now he finally understood why his ministers kept dying. Their AI wasn't working either to sense danger. But how was it possible? How did AI stop? There was no way for Lucifer to affect AI since it was a decentralized tech, and only the King could control it.

In fear, the King stumbled as he kept moving back from Lucifer. As he stumbled, his body dropped to the ground.

"How did you do it?!" he asked as he still kept dragging his body back.

Lucifer kept stepping closer, finding it amusing. This was the guy who thought he was the strongest in the world? Without external help, he wasn't even as strong as the weakest Variant.


"Tell me, what do you think is the difference between Variants and you? You'll get your answer as to how I did it. In the meantime, let me meet my old friend. I'll be right back at you."

Instead of attacking and Killing the King, Lucifer turned around, observing the Royal Advisor. He was the only man who was still alive. The man even felt his legs tremble as he realized that Ai had stopped working and his life was on the line.

"Y-young man, don't do it! Don't kill me. I can be of help to you. I can be very useful."


"Today, I called you here for an important discussion. I hope you all can advise me on the matters." The King commented, proudly.

"Of course, we will. What matters?" The ministers exclaimed.

"As you all know, we've been in Atlantis for decades, keeping our interactions with the outside world at all minimum because we were worried. We evolved our technology to become stronger. I believe we are already very strong now, much stronger than any Variant can be. Do you agree with that statement?" The King inquired.

The Royal Advisor nodded. "That's right, we agree. We have become much stronger because of our technology. I don't believe any Variant is as strong."

"When I went outside, I saw it first hand. That man Lucifer was the strongest Variant according to them, but he was really weak when I was before him. If their best was so weak before my second best generation of tech, I can only imagine how minuscule he would look before you," he further added. "If I'm not wrong, you are the strongest person in the world right now!"

Hearing his praise, the King couldn't help but smile. He really loved being called the strongest and being praised.

"Exactly. Atlantis is stronger than any Variant Organization. We don't have to hide anymore. We don't have to live in Atlantis anymore. We don't have to close ourselves to the world! That's why I've decided that we need to go out. Instead of worrying about the Variants, it's time we make them bow before us!" The King declared.


"They sent Lucifer here as a show of force. They might send more people in the future. Those people are really arrogant so it's time we showed them that they are worthy of being nothing but our pets."

"You mean wage war?" The Ministers exclaimed, stunned.

"Exactly. What I meant was that we should really wage war. If it is war that makes them realize our strength then war is what they shall get. We shall defeat them, and we shall make them bow before us. The whole world needs to know what Atlantis is. We have spent decades hiding in the shadows, but now I think we have had enough. You have had enough time to prepare. Now it is time to show your preparation." The king declared.

" So what do you all say? Should we do it or should we not?" he asked.

"Ah, your majesty. We have not fought a war since the beginning. We have always been peaceful. Are you sure that it is the right decision at this point?" One of the ministers asked.

" Are you doubting our decision?" the King asked arrogantly.

"N-not at all. That's not what I meant, your majesty. What I meant was that simply fighting a war is a really big decision. We don't need the outside world. That way, below the sea, is enough for us. Why should we waste resources in fighting the Variants? Because even though we are strong, I'm sure many of our men might die as well."

" So all I meant was that it is a really big decision and you should consider all the factors before deciding. But if you want to wage war, I will always support you. I will agree with your decision. I think you should be the one to decide, not us."

" Anyone have any suggestions or anything to say?" The King asked as his eyes roamed over the court.

No one else raised their hands.

" All right, I will make it simpler for you. I will agree that we should go to war; here is their hands. And if you think that we should not go to war, Don't raise your hands. Let me see what you all think. And after that, I will decide what we should do," The King let out.

Slowly, the ministers started raising their hands. One after another, more and more hands began raising. Even the ones who didn't want war raised their hands because they realized that their king had already made up his mind. They could see it in his eyes and really wanted this war. Many of the ministers even felt that maybe this was a test to see if any amongst them was a coward and scared of war.

Within seconds, all hands were raised as no one wanted to keep their hands down.

"I see all hands raised. It seems you all agree that we should go to war. So start preparing. It's time Atlantis finally comes out!" The King declared as he stood up, dismissing the court.

"Wrong!" A voice echoed as soon as the King stood up. "Not all hands are raided and not everyone agrees that you will go to a war. Because you need to be alive to go to a War, don't you?"

"Who dares?" The King roared, glaring at all his Ministers, but even they seemed confused as to who had spoken. Slowly, all the Ministers started looking toward the King.

"Your Majesty, behind you!" One of the ministers yelled.

The King tried looking back, but before he could, his glove started shining, and his body disappeared. His body appeared again around ten feet away from where he was previously standing.

" Ah, so it still works. I must say that gloves of yours are amazing. And you were right; you did make some really amazing technology. It can sense danger and send you to a safe place away from danger. And it can do much more. Very fascinating after all," the voice once again said.


The King glared towards the throne. If looks could kill, whoever was speaking would've died a thousand times.

The King noticed a man arrogantly sitting on the throne where he used to sit. It was a young man who looked to be a 19 or 20-year-old boy. You also recognize that man as well which made him glare at the Royal Advisor.

" Didn't you say he had died?" The King asked sarcastically. " Looks quite alive to me."

Even the Royal advisor was shocked. How could Lucifer be alive? Even after that massive explosion. His body had disappeared from there, he was sure. How can he return from death?

" I-i saw it with my own eyes, Your Majesty! Not even his ashes were left. I don't know how he's alive!" The Royal Minister tried explaining b.

He turned back to Lucifer. "How are you still alive, you bastard!"

"Did you think I could die before killing you all? That's so cute." Lucifer smirked.

"Big words!" The King roared. "So what if you're alive. You came to death yourself. You think you'll survive now?"

"This is going to be annoying," Lucifer muttered, observing his hands. "But at least I'm alive. I was right; Time Manipulation is really energy consuming. It was the right decision to use it to get the energy spent."

"Using time energy gave me more insight into Time as well. I might not be able to bring anyone back to life, but now that my Time Core is healed, I should be able to do some fun things."

Even after being hurt, he was still happy at his gains. Absorbing the other Lucifer had not only healed his Time Core flaws but also evolved his other core abilities, which were affected.

For some reason, his control over all his abilities was better now, especially his Decay. He noticed that his hands were on the roof, yet the roof wasn't decaying without his wishes. It was only after he willed it that the roof started decaying, but the roof wasn't the only thing. Even the ground and the surrounding started decaying. The range of his decay also received a massive boost.

It could now cover more range. Overall, he was happy with whatever happened. He was happy that he came before Licorice, and things progressed the way they did. He also thanked his luck that he absorbed the other Lucifer. He didn't know how that other Lucifer had this immense Vessel energy.

When he absorbed the other Lucifer, he was only thinking about healing himself faster after using overdrive, but it came as a blessing in disguise. Without that Vessel strength, he wasn't sure if he could've even defeated Licorice. It all came down to the Time Manipulation!

He stopped the decay and pushed his body up, and looked straight into the horizon.


"Now that I'm here, I would certainly love to have some fun here," he smiled. "But I want to see my father first. I can always come here again. This place will always be here.

The only reason he hadn't messed with Atlantis with his Time Manipulation was because he wanted to deal with them himself to test his new abilities without the vessel strength. This was his testing ground. However, he didn't want to do that right now. That's why he hadn't intended to come here so soon. He was more eager to see his parents and everyone else that he had brought back!

He teleported inside the building and straight into the room where he had used the portal to go back last time. Even if he could control space, the distance to Triton was just too much. He couldn't teleport to that place.

If he wanted, he needed a hundred times more energy than he had. He would've been able to achieve it easily if he had the Vessel energy. Unfortunately, he was back to his old self again, just a bit stronger.

"Hmm? There is nothing here?" He exclaimed in surprise as he appeared in the room. The equipment and the portal were missing from this place.

"This academy also seems awfully empty, and all the destruction from last time is still here. They made no renovations. I guess they decided to shut this academy and took everything from here. This is annoying."

He appeared back at the roof after checking the academy, seemingly disappointed. He wanted to be back in Triton right away, but it seemed like this was going to take some time.

He looked in the direction of Main Atlantis city. His body started rising in the air as Lucifer flew straight towards the center of the city.

He was informed of the direction the last time he came here, but at that time, he had chosen against going there since he believed he wasn't strong enough. Now he wasn't worried, especially since he could find something to eat and get stronger along the way if needed.

~~~

In the Royal Atlantis city, the Young King sat on his court with all his ministers. The Dungeon Dwellers had attacked every place except this one place.

The Atlantians didn't even know what had happened in the outside world as they weren't informed yet. It didn't even last for half an hour, after all.

The Royal Advisor of Atlantian King was also present in the court, back at his position after coming back from Triton. He had gone there to bring back Lucifer and the woman that the King was most scared of. However, the old man returned empty handed.

Hearing that, the Minister of Defense returned empty handed; the King was infuriated and only calmed down after the old man told him a story about why he had returned empty handed.


The old man made up a story about Lucifer killing himself after he was surrounded, and the body of the woman was also destroyed at the same time. Even though the King was angry that the man who angered him so much wasn't brought back, he was happy that at least they weren't alive.

The King had forgiven the minister and had allowed him an entry into his court again. The entire place was back to normal as they were before Lucifer's arrival. Everything was as before. Things were calm in Atlantis; no one knew that a storm was coming toward them.

Even though Lucifer wanted to be with his parents before dealing with Atlantis, now that he had to go back to the main city of Atlantis, he decided to finish things once and for all.

Just because he did a good act and brought his family back while saving himself didn't mean he was much different than before. He was still the same Lucifer who never forgave the people who attempted to kill him. He was the same person who could destroy an entire city to get one person back.

As he flew, he realized that his speed was also much faster. Unfortunately, he was also getting hungrier faster. He ate something almost every ten minutes to satiate his Hunger, most probably because he had just come out after sending too much energy.

Taking short breaks along the way, he finally reached the Capital City of Atlantis. It took him thirty minutes to get there though, even at his fastest speed.

After a long flight, he finally landed outside the Main City. There was a wide grin on his face. He didn't know why but this was a feeling he really enjoyed... The feeling of revenge! The feeling of destroying his enemies and watching looks of fear on their faces.

"Last time you gave me a gift. Let me give you one this time," Lucifer declared as he cast his ability of energy negation.

After a long time, Salazar finished explaining, taking a long breath.

"Where is Lucifer? Where is my son now?" Zale asked.

Salazar looked towards the sky, shaking his head. "I'm not sure where he is. All I know is that things are too silent now. It makes me feel that Lucifer had won already. That means he killed that bastard. Maybe he is on his way here? That should be the case. That's why I stopped you from leaving. I want you to be here when he returns."

~~~

The city of Triton wasn't the only city which had people coming back to life. Elisium was also the same. The Uprising members that had died fighting for Lucifer were back, as confused as they could be.

If there was one place that was more surprised, it was the Divine Empire. First, they were attacked by Dungeon Dwellers, and then Dragons came. And now, there were Nobles that had returned to life that had died fighting the Warlock Council in the Empire? Even more shocking was the return of the dead humans.

The sisters of Milena... They were back along with her parents. However, one thing was different about them. Unlike the others, they didn't remember their last moments. It was as if someone had removed those traumatic memories from their head before bringing them back.


Fortunately, there were Nobles in the city who recognized Milena's family. They took them in and allowed them in the Place after making sure they weren't clones.

~~~~

"Hmm?" Milena was talking to the father of Lucifer when she suddenly stopped. She closed her eyes as if she was focusing on something.

"This can't be!" She exclaimed out loud. There were tears in her eyes which started trickling down her cheeks.

"What happened?" Arthur and Salazar asked at the same time.

"Return from the dead… It didn't just happen here," Milena replied. "I got a mental message from Ryi. The ones that had died fighting the Warlock Council in the Divine Empire are also back."

"That's amazing, but why are you crying over that?" Arthur asked, frowning. He could feel that there was more to the story. "Who else returned?"

"My family..." Milena smiled as tears kept trickling down her cheeks. "My sisters and my father are back. Lucifer didn't forget then. He is amazing. I don't know how I can ever repay him!"

Hearing the praise of her son, Clarisse was So happy. She knew she wasn't there for him yet her son had grown up to be a nice man who did such nice things for his friends. He was not only strong, but he was also kind.

Despite what he did, despite all the wars he fought, there was still good inside his heart. She couldn't wait to meet her son.

She had seen him in videos and saw how big he had become, but she wanted to see him with her own eyes and hug him tightly so she could apologize to him for never being there for him. It was all her fault that he had to suffer so much. She couldn't help but give all the blame to herself.

Back on the Island, something more had happened. Grandpa Chi was also back, perfectly fine. Moreover, he was also younger now! Not only him but his kid and grandkids were also back to life in the exact form where they were killed in the last.

Their house, which had exploded, was also back inside, which all of them had appeared.

Lucifer had remembered everyone that had helped him along the way, and now that he had excess strength that he needed to spend, he decided to spend it for the ones who stayed with him and helped him.

Each and every person who had helped him was back to life, even the woman from the Warlock Council who was killed inside Atlantis when he, Salazar, and her were attacked from the back. Emilia also came back to life.

What more was that all the abilities of Cassius were also back now, all thanks to Lucifer. Lucifer had helped everyone he could to spend all the strength to save his own body, and time manipulation at large scale was the only option he could come up with.

He didn't know how many Time Paradoxes his actions were going to cause, but he didn't care. If he hadn't done it, his own body would've been destroyed.

Many people were back from the dead, and they were happy; however, no one knew where the person who brought them back was. No one knew where Lucifer had gone.

The person who brought happiness to so many faces was in pain himself in a faraway place.

Lucifer had landed back on earth through his portal. Unfortunately, the place he appeared wasn't where he wanted to be. He had created a pathway for the continental of Triton through the Portals, but as he lost consciousness and his excess strength, the connection weakened, and the destination got messed up.

Instead of appearing on the City of Warlock Council to get his victory lap, Lucifer appeared in the one place he never would've selected to go to.


He had appeared inside Atlantis and not when he was at his strongest. He had appeared in the same academy that he had destroyed the last time he was here. Since then, the Academy had been abandoned, and all the equipment from the Academy was taken, leaving only the building which had a damaged structure.

Lucifer had appeared on the roof of the Academy, landing on his back. He laid unconscious. Most of his skin had turned pitch black initially, including his feet and legs, but now that same skin was a dark shade of green as if he was prisoned. Even his own healing couldn't return his skin to normal.

Fortunately, he had spent all the excess energy in time before the damage could've reached his hearts as that couldn't be healed in that case.

His breathing was slow, but it was stable. His healing couldn't heal his body parts that were damaged, but all his vital organs were fine, which worked with his healing even now.

He stayed on the roof for three straight hours, unmoving, before he finally made some movement. A pained grunt escaped his lips as he opened his eyes slowly. ᴀll ɴ ᴏᴠᴇʟ Fuʟʟ.cᴏm

"Not this place..." he muttered, looking straight above. He recognized this place right away, which made him let out a sigh.

He started observing his body condition as he sat straight. "Nerves are damaged. Can't be healed. That's the worst part of it all."

He could feel his hands tingling and his fingers making unnecessary movements that he didn't want them to do.

Standing on the distant roof was the figure of two people that Salazar could recognize even in his dreams. These were the people who were his idol. They were the ones who had saved him when he was young. The two people were none other than Zale and Clarisse.

Both of them looked at the crowd on the streets, slightly confused as if they were trying to figure out why they were there and what had happened. They didn't recognize most of the people on the street either. In fact, they didn't recognize even a single person.

After observing for a few seconds, they turned around and started walking back.

"Milena!" Salazar yelled, but his voice was drowned in the celebration. He started running towards Milena, having no option.

As he reached Milena, he stopped. "Milena, hurry up! We need to get to that roof!"

"Why? What's there?" Milena asked. "Did you see Lucifer?"

"No! I saw his parents! Zale and Clarisse were on that roof! Lucifer brought them back too. Now I'm sure he's behind it. Anyway, like everyone else who returned, I'm sure they don't have memories of what happened since they died. We need to stop them before they leave and inform them!" Salazar exclaimed in urgency.


"His parents?" Milena grabbed the hand of Salazar and started flying toward the building where Salazar pointed at.

As they reached the building, they noticed the two people standing near the stairs. They were just about to go down when they heard footsteps behind him.

Zale turned back, frowning. "May I ask why you two came after us?"

He was already very suspicious of this place, and after remembering that he was poisoned by the people he had trusted, he didn't want to trust anyone else.

"Zale, it's me! I am a friend of your son, Lucifer. Thirteen years have passed since you were poisoned in the Dungeon. I know you. You might not remember me, but you saved the life of my family in the last great war. That's why I've been working with your son and developed a friendship with him!" Salazar explained in brief.

"Hmm?" Zale's frown deepened. "We are thirteen years in the future? Are you on drugs? How is that possible?"

"Wait. How do you even know that we were poisoned?" Clarisse also asked.

"In the last thirteen years, your son worked really hard to find what happened to you. He even killed the people who were behind that cowardly attempt on your life as a revenge. Varant and Raia are both dead, and so is Zeiss, all killed by your son. He has become a really powerful Warlock and a great man."

"How could that be...? If this is the truth, where is Lucifer now? And how are we here?" Zale asked again. "I remember dying!"

"How are you here... Well the reason is the same as the reason behind the appearance of all the Variants on the street. They were all brought back from life. And if I'm not wrong, it's done by Lucifer. He brought you back too," Salazar explained. "There's a really long story behind it though."

"Bringing people back from the dead? Nonsense! There is no ability as preposterous in this world as you're claiming. And even if there is one, it'll take so much energy to bring even one person back, let alone so many!" Clarisse snapped at the nonsense. "Tell us the truth? Are we still inside the Dungeon? Is this place an illusion?" ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ

"Lady Clarisse, trust me. Everything I said is the truth. Your son Lucifer and we had fought together against the enemies. He even entered the Dungeon to save you as soon as he found out where you were. But... Alright, let me start from the start and tell you what had happened after you disappeared."

Salazar started explaining the entire story since the time the two had disappeared. He talked about how Lucifer was taken from his home and how experiments were conducted on him, which resulted in his death.

Hearing that, the couple was infuriated. After all that they did, this was done to their kid? Clarisse didn't even realize as tears appeared in her eyes. Meanwhile, Zale punched the wall in anger, making a hole in the wall.

"After he returned to life, he realized that he could heal from anything. He had healing, and not only that, he had the powers of you both." Salazar explained.

He talked about the conflict of Lucifer with the APF, his interaction with the Uprising, and how he destroyed the facility before he was caught by Varant.


He had heard this entire story from Lucifer, which gave him a clear insight. He talked about Lucifer ending up on an island, his studies there, his memory loss, and his return to Elysium.

Salazar then talked about the methods which Lucifer used to kill Variant, Raia, and Zeiss before talking about his takeover of Elysium.

He didn't forget to mention the reason of Lucifer behind doing it, which was for his own safety as he didn't want an enemy like Varant again, also because he wanted to change the world. He talked about the war of Lucifer against the Warlock Council, his meeting with Milena. He also showed the videos of Lucifer fighting, which were available all over the internet.

The more Zale and Clarisse heard about the exploits of their son, the more they grew stunned. They also felt sad how much their son had to go through and how his personality changed through all this. They never wanted their son to experience bloodshed, but it was because of their failure that it happened.

The couples looked at each other, noticing the sadness of each other. Initially, they didn't even believe the story, but the videos portrayed that it was true.

"Inside the Dungeon, we found out that we were lied to and that you two weren't alive. It was all a trap by that man so Lucifer could help him get free of the Dungeon. Unfortunately, that's exactly what happened. The Dungeon was broken."

"Lucifer sent me back to this city and stayed behind to fight. I don't know what happened after that to him, but I'm sure he is alive. When the Dungeon Dwellers attacked the city, the Dragons..."

"And that's when I felt that odd sensation as if someone had messed with time. My ability is also related to time, so I am more sensitive to it. I'm sure that's the time Lucifer used his time manipulation to bring you all back because, before that moment, no one was outside, but right after that moment, all these people were back, including you."

Lucifer's body touched the portal in the back and disappeared inside. As soon as his body went in, all the portals also stopped and disintegrated. The space returned to silence. The earth also returned to normal and started moving on its own.

The calm in the space was as before, yet something seemed different about it.

Back on earth, the time restrictions were over. People were allowed to move, yet for some reason, they felt different. They didn't know why or what was different about them, but they felt odd.

Even Salazar was sent back to Triton with the unconscious body of Milena. He was sent straight to an abandoned house, from where he was looking at all the Dragons outside, amazed at the strength of the beasts. The three Warlock Council members that were left in the city were killed by the Dungeon Dwellers as well, within a few seconds of the battle's beginning.

The Dungeon Dwellers were just so strong. Yet, the Dragons managed to destroy all the Dungeon Dwellers like they were nothing. This kind of strength was nothing like Salazar had ever seen before in his life. What surprised him even more, was that these Dragons were made by Lucifer. Someone who could make something so strong, just how strong he had become?

It was when the Dragons left that he started wondering if the War was over. The clouds had started disappearing. He wondered if Lucifer had won. Before he could get any answers, he froze in time like everyone else in the world.

After everything was over, he was again freed of time restrictions. Coming out of the restrictions, he felt odd. He remembered the feeling of being trapped in time since that was something he had gone through before. He looked at the clock in the back. Instead of the same time as before, it was showing older time.


The clock was back by one minute, which was strange. If he was stuck in time, that meant more time had passed. Why was the clock one minute behind?

"Umm?"

As he was lost in thoughts, trying to figure out the mystery, he heard a voice behind him. It sounded like it was coming from Milena.

"Are you up?' He ran to Milena, who looked around. "Where are we?"

"We are back in Triton," Salazar exclaimed.

"We are back? How did we get out of the Dungeon? Was the Dungeon Broken? Are the Dungeon Dwellers out?!" Milena's eyes widened, and she stood up. "Where is Lucifer?"

She ran to the Window to look outside.

"You're right. The Dungeon was broken, and not just one but all Dungeons. All the Dungeon Dwellers came out of their Dungeons and attacked the city. Even the city outside was attacked," Salazar exclaimed.

Hearing him, Milena ran outside to see with her own eyes.

"You won't find any outside. All the Dungeon Dwellers were destroyed by the Lightning Dragons. I think the Dragons were sent by Lucifer. As for where he is, even I don't know. I think he must be fighting that man even now if he hadn't won already. Because if that man had won, the Dungeon Dwellers wouldn't have died," Salazar exclaimed.

Even as he kept speaking, he got no response from Milena, who just stood at the window like a statue.

Salazar noticed slight trembling of Milena.

"How is this possible?" Her words fell in Salazar's ears.

"How did he conjure the Dragons? Are you surprised by that?" Salazar asked, thinking she was shocked about the story he told.

He stepped closer to Milena. "Lucifer is just an anomaly. How he does what he does is something we can never understand. We should just be glad that he can do these things."

"Not that," Milena responded as she pointed out.

Salazar reached beside her and looked in the direction she was pointing at. Her eyes fell on the streets of the city. As soon as he saw, even his Jaws dropped open.

"How is that possible? Didn't you say they were all dead?" he asked, frowning.

"They were supposed to be. I saw them die with my own eyes... Some of them died before you during battles as well," Milena exclaimed. "I don't know how they are back."

"Ah, could it be time? Lucifer's Time Manipulation?" Salazar suddenly exclaimed, thinking of something.

"His Time Manipulation? Even if he could control it, it shouldn't be strong enough to bring the dead back? This doesn't make sense," Milena blankly muttered.

"As I said before, what no one can do, Lucifer can. So we should stop being shocked at his endeavors. Just be happy that he did it. It doesn't matter how he did. Just be happy that he did," Salazar smiled as he opened the window. "Let's go meet them."

He jumped out of the building. Shaking her head, even Milena flew outside. Even though she didn't know how it happened, as she saw her people standing outside, including Arthur and Jiani, she felt a warmth in her heart.


She knew it wasn't an illusion as the connection that was broken when they had died was back again. She could feel it. They truly were the same people. It was as if the time of these people were reversed in that time zone to bring them to the future and back to life.

It wasn't a dream. It really was happening. "He really has gotten stronger if he can even do this. I still remember the day he came before me for the first time. I thought he was nothing but a weak Variant, but he grew up so much in the last few years."

She landed on the ground. Jiani ran to her at first sight as soon as she saw Milena. ᴀʟ ʟ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ full.com

Salazar also went through the crowd, noticing all the men that had died right before his eyes. They were all back as well. Even Yaliza, who had died in the Dungeon, was here.

"How did you end up here? I thought you died?" Salazar asked Yaliza, thinking he must know something.

"I have no idea. The last thing I remember was that I was stabbed. Then I was here. My body was healed as well," Yaliza explained, sighing. "I am just glad to be alive. And I see I'm not the only one who is back from the dead here."

"Yeah. I believe Lucifer is behind it," Salazar muttered as he observed the surroundings. His gaze ultimately ended up on two distant figures who were standing on top of a roof, looking down at them.

"This... Did he really...?"

"You at least had a reason to kill us because we offended you. But that bastard came out on his own, destroying everything. If only one of you can die, I hope you kill that bastard for destroying our lives!" Licorice's last words echoed in the ears of Lucifer before his body disappeared completely.

Licorice's body turned to dust which flew with the air, ultimately disappearing. All the beasts that had come to attack Lucifer were also destroyed, along with all the beasts that had escaped Dungeons.

Not only did Lucifer kill the beasts that had attacked the cities, but he also sent some of the Dragons to destroy all the Dungeons once and for all. It wasn't because he had any enmity with empty Dungeons but simply because he wanted to spend some of his vessel strength which was refusing to die.

Even though the destruction of Dungeon took a lot of energy, it still wasn't enough. He was still a long way off from spending all the excess energy that was destroying his body, and he had nothing to do, which was still left.

He observed his trembling hands. Despite using so much strength, he still wasn't even close to an end.

"What more can I do?! At this stage, this will never end until my body is destroyed completely!" Lucifer exclaimed, frowning.

He did all he could do, and it still wasn't enough. What else could he do that was within his ability and was very energy consuming.


"Time and space..." He exclaimed, coming up with an urgent idea. His skin had started cracking up already by now.

He didn't know if his idea was going to work or not, but he knew that it was going to consume an earth shattering amount of energy just to attempt.

He looked towards the dark clouds above him and shot up. He kept flying up without stopping. His figure flew past the lightning and the clouds. Thousands of Dark Dragons remained in the sky, circling.

The humans were scared of the Dragons who had Killed all the Dungeon Dwellers. Even after all that, the Dragons were still circling above everyone's head, and made him feel uneasy. Were the Dragons going to kill them next?

Even the Warlocks who thought that there was a Summoner behind the Dragons waited eagerly, wondering when the man was going to reveal himself.

"Why isn't the Summoner coming out? Isn't the battle already over?"

"I don't know. Maybe there are still some Beasts left, and he doesn't want to show himself? We need to wait."

Jian stood outside his mansion, looking at the sky. He had a feeling that Lucifer was behind all this. The problem was that he didn't know where Lucifer was. Lucifer wasn't showing himself.

The Variants who had survived thanks to the Dragons started helping others in trouble who were caught in the destruction. The Variants who had run away were regretting their decision. If they had waited a few minutes, they could've avoided the embarrassment.

ᴛʜɪs ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀ ɪs ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ ʙʏ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ.

They all ran to their family leaders to apologize.

"After abandoning the family and humanity, you come to ask for forgiveness? It's too late for that now. You have already shown your true faces. We have no place for cowards in our midst. You all are hereby banished!" Jian's father said authoritatively before leaving to check if everything at his home was fine or not.

There was just too much death and destruction all around the world, even though the war only lasted for a few minutes. Too many innocent lives were lost. Fortunately, it was stopped before things could get worse, thanks to Lucifer and his luck of getting the Vessel energy which he could use.

Lucifer left the Earth's atmosphere and ended up in space, surrounded by an energy bubble that kept him breathing.

From a great distance, he looked at the beautiful earth. He had already seen it from the spaceship, but for some reason, it looked even better now.

"If I succeed, it would be world changing to say the least. If I fail, I should still use all this excess energy," he let out as he raised both his hands and joined them

His eyes closed as a serene aura took over him. An illusion appeared behind him, which even he didn't know about. The illusion seemed to be making a giant clock. The hands of the clock kept moving slowly in clockwise direction.

After a few seconds of calm breathing, Lucifer opened his eyes and separated both his hands. A similar clock as the one behind him appeared in both his eyes. However, the clock in his eyes was moving in an anticlockwise direction.

Following his eyes, the clock behind him also started moving in reverse. Even the earth started spinning in reverse. The dark clouds disappeared. The people on earth, on the other hand, found themselves frozen in time, not knowing what was happening.

The lightning dragons disappeared with the clouds as well. ꜰʀᴇᴇ ᴡᴇʙ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ


Lucifer could feel his energy depleting fast. It seemed to be working. Finally, his energy was depleting faster than his body was being destroyed.

The earth was changing, going through massive changes but all according to Lucifer. He was the god of time! Even if he was controlling everything, he decided to keep some things out of the manipulation.

His body was under a lot of stress. Even though he was using the energy of his, it was still too much for him to handle. He couldn't keep that energy in his body as it was harmful for him, but at the rate he was spending that energy, that was also harmful to him since it was putting a lot of stress on his time and space core.

His head had already started spinning, and his vision turned blurry, but he didn't stop. He kept going through it. His breathing slowed down. He started having trouble breathing, but he didn't stop.

He couldn't stop until he used everything if he didn't want to die. At the same time, he could only hope he would survive after using everything!

Unfortunately, it was too much for him to handle. His eyes slowly started closing as his body turned weak.

He knew that before he lost consciousness, he needed to go back to earth if he didn't want to float in space endlessly. He had already prepared multiple spatial portals all around him in case he lost consciousness along the way.

Ultimately, that's what happened. His eyes completely closed as his brain went to sleep. His body turned limp and started floating back on its own. The body touched the spatial portal in the back and disappeared.



Even the strongest of Warriors couldn't face the onslaught of level Six Beasts. The morale was as low as it could be. They had only heard about the last great war and the strength of the beasts in those wars, and these beasts were nowhere close to them. They were multiple leagues above!

In fact, it looked less like a battle and more like a suicide mission to fight the beasts. Many of the Warlocks actually ran away in fear, abandoning their posts.

Even the ones who stayed to fight had given up on Victory. Only a miracle could save them. They had accepted.

It was at that point that everything changed. The darkness disappeared, and light appeared in their life as Lightning Dragons came, fighting the Dungeon Dwellers.

Even the Dungeon Dwellers couldn't believe what was happening. Just where did these Dragons come from? How were they so strong!

The level Six Beasts fought intensely against the Dragons, giving a really tough fight, but even they couldn't win. Even as they destroyed a lightning dragon, another Dragon came from the sky, taking its place. It was only now these beasts knew what it felt like to fight enemies that didn't end! It was what humans used to feel against the Dungeon Dwellers.

The humans sighed a breath of relief, but they remained alert and didn't lower their guards. Even though the Dragons were fighting their enemies, they couldn't be sure that the Dragons were on their side and weren't going to attack them when they finished the Dungeon Dwellers.


Fortunately, after the Dragons killed all the Dungeon Dwellers, they didn't stay here and left, disappearing into the sky!

"Stop destroying everything! Stop destroying more Baltics! They already had their homes destroyed by that man! Please don't do the same thing by using his strength! If you're truly brave, fight me without these restrictions!" Licorice roared, realizing what was happening on the ground. He could feel his people dying.

Even after being free from the Dungeon, he was still under restrictions. He couldn't believe it. It was all coincidence the energy source ended up with someone who could use the Time Control. He could still get out of the restrictions, especially since some of his body wasn't in time restrictions, but it was still very time consuming, and at the rate, Lucifer was killing his beast, he couldn't afford the time.

Having no other choice, he decided to do something unthinkable. He used his mental connection with the Baltics and commanded all those who could fly to stop whenever they were doing and to attack Lucifer. A little distracted was what he needed to free himself and to use defense to make sure he wasn't trapped in the time restrictions again.

At the same time, he tried to keep Lucifer distracted.

"Your body is seventy percent destroyed. And it's not normal destruction! Even if you have healing, you can't recover what has been destroyed! Try to understand. If your heart is destroyed by this energy, it won't ever return, no matter what you do! Save as much of your body as you can! Let me help you!" Licorice stated.

"I promise if we work together, I can help you, and I will also stop my people from attacking. We would leave this world for you! Why do you want to die for people like us? It doesn't benefit anyone! Live your life, and let us live ours! We won't interfere in each other's way. What do you say?"

Having no other options but to distract Lucifer, even an arrogant person like Licorice talked about working together with Lucifer, accepting defeat.

"You are a really good actor, but I'm not an idiot like the other Lucifer," Lucifer stated. "I can see when you're lying, and I can also see why."

"That's the benefit of this strength. This immense strength lets me do anything I couldn't do before. Want to see?" He inquired.

Screech~ ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ ꜰʀᴏᴍ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ.

As Lucifer finished, something flew past him.

His body split into two halves. The second half started falling, but the first half stayed in the air.

A giant eagle with sharp as blade wings came into sight in the distance, turning off its invisibility.

Despite being sliced into two halves, the calm look on his face regained. The second half of his body flew up, joining with the first half once again as if nothing happened.

"You were right. I can't heal the damage of this strength," he muttered, noticing the dark skin of his. "However, except that, I can do anything as long as I have this strength. I'm a god!"

He raised his palm towards the eagle and clenched his fist.

Screech~

A painful screech of the eagle came out as his body was crushed. The body was swallowed by a portal and disappeared forever.

"I suppose there are more?" he let out as he turned around. "You aren't the only one with an army though."

More and more lightning Dragons came down from the sky and started circling around Lucifer.

"If I weren't lacking time, I would've loved to finish them myself and take my sweet time," he muttered, shaking his head. "Albeit, I can only let the Dragons handle them. It's faster."


The Dragons shot toward the flying beasts, even finding the invisible ones without any trouble.

Lucifer flew towards Licorice. "For the same reason, I also can't fight you properly. I don't have time. You can call me a coward if you want. I have the energy, but I don't have a body that can last long. So for my good, I need to kill you fast, even though it seems a bit anticlimactic. I hope you won't mind."

Licorice didn't know if Lucifer was serious or mocking him the way he was talking to him like a child, but he didn't like him getting close.

He started trying to resist, but the time restraints were too strong since they were backed by the strength that could even shatter the level seven Dungeon cores, which itself was strong enough to hold Licorice for so long.

Lucifer placed his hand on the head of Licorice. "Rest in peace."

Not only was time stronger with this new Lucifer, but even decay wasn't any different. Within a few seconds, half the body of Licorice was destroyed.

With his other hand, Lucifer stabbed his hand in the chest of Lucifer. He pulled out the heart of Licorice and tossed it into his spatial dimensions, casting a restriction on it so no healing could bring Back Licorice

Even as his body was destroyed, Licorice didn't scream in pain. He just looked in the eyes of Lucifer. "You're just as big a monster as that man. In one world, two monsters like you can't live. There will come a day when you two will have to face each other. And I hope both of you die that day, but if One of to survives, I hope it's you."


"I'll fight and distract the Dragons! You kill the beasts!" The leader of the group roared, trying to motivate others. "It's just a beast!'

He prepared to fly to attack and distract the Dragons. However, before he could even fly, he noticed something strange. Instead of coming towards them, the Dragons were moving towards the Beasts in the back.

One of the Dragons opened its mouth. Thousands of lightning bolts came out of just his mouth, shooting toward the beasts on the ground. Each lightning bolt impaled the beast that it was targeting, killing them instantly.

Another lightning dragon just kept eating any Dungeon Dweller it saw. There were thousands of beasts before the men, and it only took ten seconds for the Dragons to kill them.

The warlocks were stunned at what was happening. They looked at each other, only noticing the blank face of their friends. No one understood what was happening. The Dragons were on their sides?

"I think they aren't Dungeon Dwellers," one of the men theorized. If they were, they wouldn't be attacking them.

"I also think so. Maybe they are the summoned beast of a Summoner? Only that makes sense!" Another man exclaimed, taking a guess.


"You mean there is a Summoner who can Summon such strong beasts? Can someone so strong even exist? I believe even Lucifer and Jian wouldn't be able to defeat a Summoner like him! How could someone like him stay unknown for so long?"

"I have no idea, but that's the only thing that makes sense. In any case, I'm glad the Summoner is on our side. If he hadn't sent his beasts, we would've been dead within half an hour..." The leader of the group commented.

"The hero of the first great war was Zale. I thought the hero of this would be either Lucifer or Zale, but now I know for sure. Whoever this Summoner is, only he can help us win! Maybe the world isn't doomed after all!"

~~~~

On another small Island where Lucifer had taken his education after losing his memories, troubles were brewing.

The Island didn't have any Dungeons... At least that's what everyone thought. No one knew that they had a Dungeon underground. And it wasn't any ordinary Dungeon. It was a level Six Dungeon that was silent until now. That's why no one knew about it.

With all Dungeons breaking, even this one broke. All Level 6 beasts barged inside the island, filling it up.

The Island was in very big trouble. During a fight with Lucifer, the Island had already lost multiple Great Family heads. They had lost their strongest Warriors. Only two of them were still alive, and they weren't enough to fight these things. Still, the fight was on.

The father of Cassius was also the head of the Great Family. Carrying his heavy sword, he left with his men to stop the city. Only the women and the kids were left at the castle.

There was another person in the castle who stood near the window, looking at the red clouds in the sky.

"Is this the end?" Cassius muttered, hearing the explosions all around the city. He had already lost all his abilities because of a scheme, and he couldn't fight. All he could do was watch.

He was slowly losing hope though, as he heard the situation of the battlefield. The beasts were too strong. The Warlocks kept dying, and so far, not even a single Dungeon Dwellers was killed.

Cassius glanced back at his sword, letting out a deep sigh.

Boom~ɴᴇᴡ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs ᴀʀᴇ ᴘᴜʙʟɪsʜᴇᴅ ᴏɴ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ.

"Huh?" Hearing an explosion noise, he looked at the external Gate of the mansion premise. The door was flying towards him. He ducked, avoiding the door which came crashing inside the room. He also noticed a Red-Skinned Wolf at the entrance. The wolf had two eagle-like wings on his back that seemed to be on fire.

The beast took a step inside the premises.

"No no no! There are no warriors here! If he entered the castle, my entire family would be dead! I can't let it happen!"

Even though he had no strength, he still had his conviction. He couldn't sit idle when the threat was so close.

Cassius ran to the sword that he hadn't used since he lost his strength. He left his room and ran out of the castle.

As soon as he left the mansion, he noticed the winged beast only a few meters away from him. Only a mortal man with his sword stood between the Dungeon Dweller and the mansion.

"Heh, another human came to die. Not bad, kid. I appreciate your bravery. But I won't let you live!" The Sixth Grade Beast spoke.

"You can speak?" Cassius exclaimed in shock.

"You think I would be like those low ranking Baltics who can't speak? You naive kid! I'm a proud Baltic in the upper echelon. Comparing me with those kids is an insult in itself!" The beast roared, but before he could continue, he slowly raised his head up in confusion. The red clouds that were in the sky started disappearing, and their place was taken by dark thundering clouds.

Seeing the clouds, even Cassius was slightly surprised. Whenever he saw thundering clouds, he remembered Lucifer. Even now, he was wondering if Lucifer was nearby or was it a natural phenomenon.

"What am I even thinking! After what happened, why would he come to save me?" Cassius muttered, shaking his head. He held the sword firmly with both hands as he started running towards the beast, trying to use the opportunity when he was distracted.


Unfortunately, his footsteps gave him away. The beast glared at him. A mocking look existed in the Beast's eyes as he opened his mouth. A flaming sphere started taking shape before his mouth.

Cassius stopped in his tracks, preparing to Dodge, but something happened which made him stop in his tracks.

Thud~

The Flaming Beast dropped to the ground as a lightning bolt penetrated his skull.

Seeing the lightning bolt, Cassius' eyes lit up. He should recognize these lighting bolts anywhere. They weren't natural! There was no way natural bolts would've fallen so precise on beasts. It was too good to be a coincidence.

With an excitement in his eyes, he looked up. "Lucifer?"

His excitement soon changed to a weird look as he noticed a Dragon flying above him. The Dark Dragon disappeared into the horizon, attacking more and more beasts that it found.

Ten Dragons existed in the airspace of the island, changing the entire landscape. The beasts that were winning one sided battles finally found the situation reversed.

"What... This feeling! This stench! You're using the vessel strength! How can you use it?!" Licorice exclaimed, shocked as he found himself trapped. He could still move his lion, but he couldn't move his body.

"It's just the beginning," Lucifer smiled as he looked up at the red skies above him.

Powerful winds started flowing, mixed with some decaying Elements. As soon as the winds touched the red clouds, the clouds kept disintegrating.

The winds kept advancing, only in the skies though. Before long, the winds traveled through the entire world, destroying all the clouds. The winds flew so high that they didn't hurt any humans. Somehow, the winds also avoided any planes that were still airborne. They couldn't avoid innocent birds though.

As the red clouds kept disintegrating, dark clouds kept taking their place in the back. Before long, the sky that was covered in red clouds was covered in dark clouds.

Licorice was looking more and more uncomfortable as time passed, even though he possessed so much strength. There was a weird feeling in his body that was intensifying. It was as if his body was burning from the inside. He had so much strength yet the vessel energy wasn't depleting.

~~~~


"Come on! We can't let those beasts enter the city! This would be a disaster otherwise!" A group of Warlocks stood outside one of the cities, facing the horde of monsters.

In another place, some Warlocks had already started the battle, barely holding on. They didn't know if they could even win but losing wasn't an option.

The entire world was tossed into turmoil. The cities which were near the Dungeons faced the worst attacks; however, they were also the most prepared for such attacks. Since the cities were near the Dungeons, there were quite a lot of Guilds established there which could get ready to face the attacks immediately.

The problem came from. High Ranking Dungeons that were too strong for guilds to handle. It was an onslaught everywhere. Even worse were the cities that were near the Dungeons that hadn't been explored yet. They had no idea about the Dungeons near them. The attacks came as a complete surprise.

Level Four and Level Five Dungeon beasts were proven to be unstoppable for most, but level Six Dungeon Beasts were in a different league altogether. Fortunately, there was only one Level Seven Dungeon which was being handled by Lucifer.

"This strength doesn't belong to you. You can't control it in its real form! With each second, the strength will continue devouring your body. Let me help you before it's too late! Your body is already suffering!" Licorice yelled, noticing the dark skin of Lucifer.

More than Lucifer, he was concerned for himself. He didn't even know how Lucifer was able to use the vessel's strength. It should've been dormant, only to be used when Licorice wanted. How did Lucifer use it?

Licorice saw the danger of Lucifer being able to use this skill as it allowed him even more strength than he possessed, possibly giving him an immense strength out of this world. That wasn't something he could allow, especially since this ability was being used against him.

That vessel of energy wasn't an ability in itself! It was more like a source of energy that was filled to the brim. It didn't come with a strength of its own. It last amplified the true strength of the existing abilities of the person as an unending stream of energy. Lucifer could literally use his abilities to any extent until the stream of energy was extinguished.

Licorice knew that this strength was even worse in the hands of someone who could control time. He had already seen Lucifer control time and stop him before. Manipulating time was very hard and required a lot of energy.

That was also Lucifer couldn't keep him trapped for longer. However, things are different now. Now he didn't need to worry about exhausting his limited energy! This was what truly frightened him. The time manipulation was like a bane of his, and he was trapped in it.

His entire body was stuck in time, only leaving his eyes, mouth, and his brain working to see what was happening. It was what Lucifer wanted to happen. With just his brain, Licorice couldn't use any abilities. He needed his body to be free to use his own energy source to use any abilities which he couldn't.

"You are right. This strength will destroy my body. It has already destroyed most of it, but that much time is enough for me to correct some things," Lucifer commented with a smile.

"You made a fool of me, using my parents. It was all so you could free yourself and your minions? Let me take that all from you!"

Lucifer looked at the sky. His eyes turned pitch black. The sky roared, which could be heard all around the world.

Thousands of lightning dragons came out of the clouds all around the world. The Dragons flew straight down towards the cities. The Dragons looked similar to the lighting dragon that had saved him in the future when he was surrounded. That's also what gave him this inspiration!


The human cities were facing massive bloodshed. Some cities were resisting the horde of beasts, losing men with each passing second, while the rest had already lost all their defense. The beasts were killing humans and Variants alike!

Within a few seconds, millions of humans had already died.

"We can't last long! The beasts just don't end! There are too many!" One of the Warriors roared as he thrust his sword inside a flaming lion.

"We can't run, can we? We just fight?" Another Warlock responded, slicing the head of a tree giant. "We grew up learning about the Legends of people like Zale Azarel, who made us win the first great war! It's time we write legends of our own! We can die, but we can't run!'

"Look up!" One man roared suddenly as he subconsciously took a step back. Everyone looked up subconsciously.

Everyone noticed the lightning Dragons in the sky. There were three lightning dragons that were coming toward him. The Dragons looked so scary that even the men who had been fighting the beasts until now were scared.

The leader of the group clenched his fist as he took a step forward. "Brave men, stand your ground firmly! Even if they are Dragons, we shall defeat them! Tonight isn't the night we fall!"

His words seemed to fall on deaf ears. Just the aura of the Dragon alone was enough to overwhelm the warriors. They weren't the strongest Warlocks in the world. In fact, their group was only guarding a Third Grade Dungeon and still having a hard time. The Dragon was in a whole different league altogether!

When Representative Liz Cheney asserted at the House Jan. 6 hearing on Thursday that Trump administration cabinet members weighed invoking the constitutional process to remove President Donald J. Trump from office after the attack on the Capitol by his supporters, she did not immediately provide details or evidence.

But as the federal government convulsed in the hours and days after the deadly riot, a range of cabinet officials weighed their options, and consulted one another about how to steady the administration and ensure a peaceful transition to a new presidency.

Mike Pompeo, the secretary of state at the time, and Steven Mnuchin, then the Treasury secretary, discussed the possibility of invoking the 25th Amendment, which would have required the vice president and the majority of the cabinet to agree that the president could no longer fulfill his duties to begin a complex process of removal from office.

Their discussion was reported by Jonathan Karl of ABC News in his book “Betrayal,” and described to The New York Times by a person briefed on the discussion. Mr. Pompeo has denied the exchange took place, and Mr. Mnuchin has declined to comment.

Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s education secretary, told USA Today this week that she raised with Vice President Mike Pence whether the cabinet should consider the 25th Amendment. But Mr. Pence, she said, “made it very clear that he was not going to go in that direction.”

She decided to resign. So did Matt Pottinger, the deputy national security adviser.

Eugene Scalia, then the labor secretary, discussed with colleagues right after the attack the need to steady the administration, according to three people familiar with the conversations.

Thanks for reading The Times.
Subscribe to The Times
Mr. Scalia called an aide to Mr. Pence, they said, to say that he was uncomfortable with Mr. Trump functioning without something of a check on him in that moment, and that there needed to be more involvement from the cabinet. Mr. Pence’s team did not want to make such a move.

Mr. Scalia also had a conversation with Mr. Pompeo, which Mr. Pompeo shared with multiple people, in which Mr. Scalia suggested that someone should talk to Mr. Trump about the need do something to restore confidence in the government and a peaceful transition of power. In Mr. Pompeo’s rendering of that conversation, disputed by others, Mr. Scalia also suggested that someone should talk to Mr. Trump about resigning.

For the second time this spring, a New York City institution is facing a backlash over a conservative Jewish conference, long in the planning, because of one of its featured speakers: Gov. Ron DeSantis of Florida.

In May, the Museum of Jewish Heritage backed out of a tentative rental agreement to host the event. Now, Chelsea Piers, a recreation complex with a large event space at its Manhattan location and which agreed to host the conference this weekend, is being widely criticized by elected officials and activist groups who say that Mr. DeSantis should not speak at a site that has played an important role in New York’s L.G.B.T.Q. history.

Earlier this year, Mr. DeSantis signed legislation that prohibited classroom discussion of gender identity and sexual orientation for some age groups in Florida schools, known by opponents as the “Don’t Say Gay” bill.

The event, the Jewish Leadership Conference, was organized by the Tikvah Fund, a conservative Jewish organization, which said it invited Mr. DeSantis to deliver a speech about the vibrancy of Jewish life in Florida.

But when the Museum of Jewish Heritage learned of Mr. DeSantis’s participation, its leadership pulled out of the event, telling Tikvah that the legislation was not in line with its values of inclusivity.

Tikvah then arranged to hold the conference at Chelsea Piers, and publicly accused the museum of engaging in cancel culture in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece. Officials at the sports complex were not aware of the dispute with the museum before that essay was published on May 5, a spokesman said.

Now, facing the threat of protests and boycotts, the recreation complex finds itself at the center of a pitched dispute that touches on issues of identity, inclusivity, religion and free speech. And it has left Chelsea Piers in a quandary that is in many ways emblematic of the tense — and intensely political — national conversation around whether people with views that some consider abhorrent or dangerous should be given a platform.

“The bottom line is Chelsea Piers is providing a venue to propagate hate toward the L.G.B.T.Q. community and that is unacceptable on many levels, including that it is Pride and that it is in Chelsea, the heart of the community,” said State Senator Brad Hoylman, the Manhattan Democrat who represents the area. He has helped lead calls for Chelsea Piers to cancel the event, which will also feature speeches by former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Ron Dermer, the former Israeli ambassador to the United States.

On Friday, Chelsea Piers responded to the uproar by saying that it will not cancel the event and that it does not police the views expressed by those who rent its event spaces. Instead, it said it would donate the money it received from the event to “groups that protect L.G.B.T.Q.+ communities, and foster and amplify productive debates about L.G.B.T.Q.+ issues.”

“We could not disagree more strongly with many of Ron DeSantis’ actions in office,” it said in an unsigned email to staff members. “One response to abhorrent behavior is to counter it with positive action.”

A spokesman for Mr. DeSantis declined to address the controversy and instead described the governor as a champion of religious liberty and a friend of Israel.

“He has defended religious Floridians and their right to assemble and practice their religion in spite of attempts from the left to lockdown places of worship,” the campaign said. “The governor will always stand up for what is right and will not be deterred by the radical left.”

Eric Cohen, the chief executive of the Tikvah Fund, declined to comment on the latest round of controversy on Friday, writing in an email that he was choosing to focus “on the event itself” and that the group was looking forward to “an important conference, with roughly 20 speakers, on the great questions facing the Jewish people, America, Israel and the West.”

In an interview last month, after the conference was left without a venue, Mr. Cohen rejected the idea that Tikvah was holding a partisan program.

“Our event endorses no candidates and serves no political party,” Mr. Cohen said. “It is all about ideas.”

The abolition of a decades-old statutory provision for employers to pay redundancy or long-service payments with their mandatory provident fund contributions is long overdue.

The provision - commonly known as the offsetting mechanism - has been controversial since the MPF legislation was passed in 2000 to require employers and employees to contribute a designated percentage of workers' wages to their selected MPF providers.

Passage of a government amendment to abolish the offsetting provision by an overwhelming majority at yesterday's Legislative Council meeting should end a controversy that has poisoned labor relations for so many years.

There has never an absolute answer as to whether redundancy or long-service payments should be viewed as part of a worker's retirement protection or merely a payment meant to protect laid-off employees for the transition before they land a new job.

The Standard Channel

More>>


The question could only be answered through compromise facilitated by political decision, without which the debate could have lasted forever.

Lawmakers voted almost unanimously in support of a government bill to remove the offsetting mechanism, even though it has been the employers' view that they would not have voted for the MPF legislation 22 years ago without the offsetting arrangement.

Hong Kong has moved from one stage to another politically, as marked by the nearly unanimous vote.

Now that a vote has been taken, it's also time for all - including employers - to focus on matters that are more important.

How to limit operating costs in order to remain competitive? Obviously, all employers will have to look at ways in light of the characteristics of their respective industries.

Some may assert that employers may readily dismiss long-serving workers before the amended law takes effect in 2025 with a view to making use of the offsetting mechanism while they still can.

I could not disagree more.

Although nobody can rule out that some employers may try to outwit the law, I doubt this will be widespread enough to become a genuine concern.

Their reaction will have more to do with how the labor market fares.

In a robust economy, companies would come under pressure to expand to cope with increased demand.

Conversely, during challenging times they would have no alternative but to cut staff in order to survive - even if the legislature had not voted to delete the offsetting provision.

As long as the incoming administration is able to create a robust environment for the economy, I cannot imagine why employers would get rid of those who have the experience and knowledge to help them get the most out of an economic boom.

The key is to enlarge the size of the cake so that everyone - employers, employees and even the public sector - can share a bigger slice of it.

The debate over the MPF offsetting controversy should now fizzle out - it is time to focus on expanding the cake.

Meanwhile, thoughts should be given to lowering MPF management fees and enhancing returns in light of recent losses.

Should fees be tied to fund performance?


The government says it's going to ease some quarantine restrictions, including the controversial circuit breaker for inbound flights.

After ruling out immediate major changes in border controls, Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor was undoubtedly doing what she could during the remainder of her term to make existing rules - from predeparture Covid tests to flight suspension - less disruptive to travelers and airlines.

As the local Covid situation remains stabilized with low hospital admissions and deaths, the city is in a much stronger position than a few months ago to accelerate the easing of restrictive measures at the borders and in the community.

The relaxation announced yesterday was limited and could have been bolder. Nonetheless, these small steps were in a positive direction.

The Standard Channel

More>>


The bottom line is that any steps, however small, are welcome as long as they help pave the way for people's living to return to normal and make traveling easier.

Stopping short of taking bigger and bolder steps now, Lam may be accused of leaving a hot potato for her successor John Lee Ka-chiu to face immediately.

By the same token, she may be forgiven for not winding up the restrictions immediately. If Lee is able to move quickly to ease or even pull all existing restrictions, would this help the new chief executive improve his popularity?

Otherwise, it would be difficult to justify continuing those Covid-related restrictions when even Japan - one of the countries with the most conservative pandemic policies - is also taking progressive steps to allow visitors from places on a newly created blue list to visit quarantine free as its Covid situation continues to improve.

Contrary to earlier belief, Hong Kong is included on the blue list. Maybe the credit should go to Commerce and Economic Development Secretary Edward Yau Tang-wah.

Let's compare the daily counts.

Japan reported over 23,700 new cases on Saturday. In contrast, the SAR reported 237 new cases yesterday, which was way below that of Japan after their respective population sizes were taken into account.

Following the easing announced yesterday, visitors will still have to take a preflight test within 48 hours of departure but do not need to show proof of lab accreditation. However, they'll be subject to an extra test on Day 9 after arrival, in addition to the existing ones on Day 5 and Day 12.

Meanwhile, the requirement for transit passengers to get preflight tests has been dropped.

As for airlines, they would receive a warning and HK$20,000 fine for the first instance of breach and would be banned from flying the affected route for five days if it's breached again within 10 days, in contrast to the current policy that goes straight to banning flights if more than five passengers test positive.

Opening up is an established global trend. Given Hong Kong's low hospital admission and death figures, the SAR could have acted boldly.

I wish the delay wasn't due to a health expert's warning of a sixth wave in two weeks.

Premier Li Keqiang's national video conference with over 100,000 cadres from provinces, cities, counties and major government units was unusual in a number of ways.

It was the largest meeting ever chaired by the premier.

The largest one, involving about 170,000 cadres in wake of the Covid pandemic outbreak, was chaired by President Xi Jinping. This was also attended by military representatives.

In the conference led by Li, it would have been impossible to miss the message that China's economy is in a dire state.

The Standard Channel

More>>


This was reflected in the weak market sentiment, with Asian stocks reacting poorly to the news. In the past, the markets would have bounced strongly on the back of supportive remarks and measures from Beijing.

Obviously, the 33 measures announced by the State Department have not yet stimulated the market mood.

The strict zero-Covid policy has not only locked people inside their homes but also frozen economic production.

An issue is that Beijing's zero-Covid policy is attached to a politically aspired statement that China's system is superior than that of the West.

Perhaps this political aspiration makes it all the more difficult to change course publicly.

It is clear from the 100,000-cadre conference that, while keeping Covid at bay is crucial, it is not above everything - particularly the economy.

The premier managed to insist positively that the mainland could struggle to achieve positive growth in the current quarter.

But the message may also be read in the opposite way, as a strong indication the economy is in great danger of plunging into negativity in the April-June period - let alone that it is falling way behind the yearly objective of 5.5 percent growth.

A number of factors are affecting China's economy. Besides the pandemic, there are the ongoing efforts by the US to decouple China from global supply chains.

While the latter involves geopolitical power play, the former is entirely down to policies made by Beijing.

Though ironic, the zero-Covid policy is the elephant in the room that the premier must face while tackling a worsening economic crisis.

Li did not name it, but his message was loud and clear.

Could the largest conference of communist cadres since the outbreak of Covid in 2020 be a signal that the zero-Covid policy would be adjusted?

This would certainly be a bold assumption to make, but it is a logical one. If barriers remain in place, how can the country work to revive the economy?

The tricky part is that this would have to be done in a face-saving way.

Perhaps a major signal could be found in a report by mainland news network The Paper that some local governments have been advised that they can no longer claim against the National Healthcare Insurance to pay for local mass rapid Covid tests.

In March, it was still reported that local governments could ask this body to bear mass Covid test costs that, nationally, could exceed a year's military spending.

Anyone who has reached the ripe old age of 79 may be readily forgiven for being unclear when they speak.

But it would be difficult to say the same for 79-year-old Joe Biden, the US president, after he made the same "blunder" - not once or twice, but three times - in public comments on the hypothetical question of Beijing invading Taiwan.

On Monday, Biden said in Tokyo that the US would intervene militarily to defend Taiwan if it were invaded by China.

A White House spokesman quickly clarified that Washington's "one China policy" had not changed.

The Standard Channel

More>>


Biden made similar gaffes on the Taiwan issue last August and October, and the White House also had to walked back the comments.

Washington has all along kept its Taiwan strategy ambiguous. If Biden really meant what he said this week and last year, America is trying to make itself appear to be replacing its ambiguity with clarity.

That may not be Biden's true objective, though.

Instead, people in Washington DC - Republicans and Democrats alike - may be trying to enhance the deterrence of their Taiwan strategy by enriching its contents while stopping short of actually committing to it in order to retain flexibility.

Even repeating a gaffe by an old man can be a diplomatic tactic.

Biden's public undertaking to intervene militarily in the event of an invasion by China was also tied to America's bipartisan policy to exclude China from global supply chains.

The pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine have given them an opportunity to accelerate the plot.

It wasn't a blunder - just the opposite.

Didn't the State Department recently remove from its official website sentences of not supporting independence for Taiwan and Taiwan being part of China?

Clearly, the US is trying to hollow out the "one China" principle maintained by Beijing.

Taiwan is Beijing's red line and Biden has repeatedly stepped on it. If Beijing did launch an attack on Taiwan, Washington could use that to justify sanctions and other actions against China just as it is coming under pressure both domestically and internationally.

A major item on the agenda of Biden's Asian trip was the strategic Indo-Pacific Economic Framework.

Like Singapore, most APEC members invited to join the IPEF may be trying to walk a fine line between the two giant global powers.

During the presidential election, Biden was infamous for his ludicrous misuse of words.

Who would have thought that and old man's malapropism could also be used as useful leverage in a country's foreign affairs?

Prior to the Tokyo episode, the US' s Taiwan policy was taken as a commitment to supply the island with defense weapons.

Through Biden's whispers, it has quickly become likely for the People's Liberation Army to find itself fighting US troops directly in Taiwan on land, sea and in the air.

That said, the US could also easily walk back on the promise as an old man may be forgiven for not speaking with clarity.

Alternating between strategic ambiguity and clarity, Biden is working in sync with his officials to expand the scope of the long-standing strategy to include the likelihood of using US troops while not making it official.

Time is running short for Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor to end all local Covid social distancing restrictions before she leaves Government House.

While she may have started packing up for a new life from July 1, she must know that the public want to be return to the type of life they have missed for so long and so much because of the pandemic.

In addition to dining out or watching their favorite movies, people also want to travel overseas, just like Commerce and Economic Development Secretary Edward Yau Tang-wah - thus spared the seven-day hotel quarantine on their return from countries that are opening up to vaccinated visitors.

Lam probably knows that.

The Standard Channel

More>>


So, while raising hopes that the third phase of easing will happen before end of June, why couldn't she be bolder rather than playing down public expectations by saying the final phase of relaxation would not be crucial to either recovery or people's enjoyment?

If the final phase is limited to just increasing the seating limits in venues - and no more - Lam is bound to disappoint the people.

It's not only senior company executives who want greater freedom to travel like their overseas colleagues have already been doing - the general public also expects to be able to fly in and out quarantine-free.

Other countries have been making steady progress in opening their borders to quarantine-free entry for vaccinated travelers.

Hong Kong, with almost 90 percent of the population vaccinated with two doses, is in an enviable position to follow suit.

If others can drop the quarantine-isolation requirement for vaccinated visitors, why can't Hong Kong do the same in view of its extraordinarily high vaccination rate?

It was disappointing to hear Lam telling the media that, during the remainder of her term, it would be very unlikely for her administration to go a step further in relaxing border controls.

What does this mean? Residents returning to Hong Kong and foreign visitors coming here still have to be vaccinated before boarding a plane, still have to wait at the airport or hotel for a PCR test upon arrival and still have to isolate themselves at a designated hotel for seven days,

It's the last condition that upsets people the most.

It's true that, percentage-wise, the ratio of imported cases has increased, but that is an unfair comparison.

As a matter of fact, the daily counts of imported cases have not increased - it's just that the numbers of local cases have fallen remarkably from a peak of over 70,000 a day to less than 200 yesterday.

The imported cases, below 30 yesterday, have not made the city any more unsafe as the local population has been immunized through vaccination and natural infection.

Two weeks have almost passed and, thank goodness, there is no sign of the so-called sixth wave breaking out as feared by University of Hong Kong medicine faculty dean Gabriel Leung Cheuk-wai.

It is increasingly clear that the seven-day quarantine requirement is outdated, offering no additional benefits to public health.

On the contrary, it deepens the damage to the economy.

Tencent Holdings co-founder Pony Ma Huateng may never have anticipated his sharing of an excerpt from an online opinion piece about the economy together with a brief comment would ignite so much public attention.

No wonder his insight is worth his weight in gold.

This is despite the fact that Ma was not the first mainland celebrity to voice grave concern about the economy.

Among those speaking most recently was the controversial former chief editor of Global Times, Hu Xijin, whose numerous commentaries over the years raised many eyebrows and caused numerous jaws to drop.

The Standard Channel

More>>


Ma's low-key character is the opposite of Hu's high profile. Usually doing everything possible to steer clear of controversies, the fact that he shared a critical post on WeChat was a rare move.

The Tencent boss did not share any of Hu's posts directly, but lifted a small segment from the column of someone else who had made reference to Hu.

The column - entitled "Apart from Hu Xijin, no one else cares about the economy" - elicited the brief response from Ma: "This is really a vivid description."

The excerpt accused mainland netizens of caring about the economy in their own way, that business may go bankrupt but could not lay off workers or make them work overtime.

It said their only concerns were chips and hardcore technology and not things related to general living, including food, clothing, housing and transportation.

Then, if meal orders were delivered late for 10 minutes, the deliverers were fiercely cursed.

What's also amazing was that the post was not yet deleted from the severely censored WeChat platform.

What could this mean?

If it were not Ma the Tencent tycoon, would the post have already been removed?

A problem with Chinese studies is that the mainland situation is opaque. Even when official economic statistics are upbeat, observers also have to look elsewhere for clues for a picture nearer the truth - though not necessarily the truth.

Ma's departure from his usually cautious character to reach out to an internet platform to share an opinion questioning the current economic situation could be just one of the clues that people concerned about China's economic health have been waiting for.

Like Alibaba and other online-based businesses, Tencent is a victim of the crackdown on internet giants over the past two years.

Had the economic situation been just a little better, Ma may not have resorted to WeChat to share even a small segment of somebody's view, knowing that - for a prominent businessman like him - silence is golden in the current atmosphere.

Indeed, Ma did not say much at all - only a short paragraph that, however, was enough to reveal what is facing an economy pounded by strict enforcement of the zero-Covid policy. Shanghai, for example, is still struggling with Covid lockdowns.

In contrast, the usually outspoken Hu has been much bolder these days, saying the economic costs of containing Covid should not exceed the public health benefits.

Commerce and Economic Development Secretary Edward Yau Tang-wah's hassle-free return from the APEC trade ministers' meeting may have raised some eyebrows.

That's ironic because little attention was given to his business talks in Thailand, including bilateral sessions with his counterparts from Peru and Vietnam.

In 2009, Peru became the first Latin American nation to sign a comprehensive free trade agreement with Beijing.

Instead, there was greater public interest on whether Yau had to spend a week at a designated quarantine hotel, as most others have to do on returning home to Hong Kong.

The Standard Channel

More>>


The answer was obvious: Yau was spared the week-long quarantine transition.

That is the only logical arrangement even though it may be tempting to accuse the government of applying double standards that, while subjecting others - including business executives - to strict rules on returning, government officials are lenient on themselves.

Although that may look undesirable, the question before us is not that Yau was not made to follow the same entry rules of quarantining in a hotel.

Rather, the case should be taken as a chance to review if the local vaccination exercise has achieved enough progress for the strict return rules to ease further, with a view to eventually lifting the quarantine requirement for returning residents and international visitors if they are adequately vaccinated.

That should be the direction to go for rather than trying to find fault in something that is proper.

Having isolated itself from the rest of the world, Hong Kong should be encouraged to increase in-person exchanges with other places. As far as possible, this should be started with government officials to re-establish physical connections lost during the pandemic.

Yau was the first SAR official in two years to embark on an official trip overseas. It would be nice if his attendance at the APEC ministerial meeting marked the beginning of resumption of global exchanges in the pre-pandemic manner.

In view of the enormous progress the city has made in vaccinating the population, the pace of opening up may be accelerated cautiously.

Yesterday, Civil Service Secretary Patrick Nip Tak-kuen, who oversees the city's vaccination drive, reported that almost 90 percent of the local population has been double-vaccinated and over half have had a booster.

If they are confident about the vaccines, government officials should also be confident about the strong defense line that these high vaccination levels have created in the community.

I recall some health experts saying previously that social distancing restrictions may be eased once the vaccination rate reached 90 percent.

There is no question that Hong Kong is making steady progress in vaccination, with 90 percent being an extremely high level.

If considered purely from a public health point of view and without political considerations, there should be nothing to stop the SAR from opening up further in order to reconnect with the rest of the world.

Yau's APEC trip and his subsequent quarantine-exempt homecoming may mark the beginning of the end of Hong Kong's self-isolation.

This should be encouraged, not discouraged.

The good news - Japan and South Korea, two travel destinations most popular with Hongkongers, are on course to reopening their borders to international travelers.

But the bad news is that Japan initially will only open to tripled-vaccinated nationals from four nations, not including Hong Kong.

And it does not recognize the Sinovac vaccine with which many residents in the SAR have been inoculated.

It would have been nice if Hong Kong had been among the first group of places to be welcomed back.

The Standard Channel

More>>


Then, many who have been vaccinated with BioNTech could have still visited even though Sinovac is excluded for the time being.

Yet people - including Travel Industry Council chairwoman Gianna Hsu and Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development Edward Yau Tang-wah - need not view Hong Kong's being left out for now as a big loss since it is meant to be a trial and will be extremely small in scale.

If the trial is successful, travelers from more countries and places can be expected to be added.

Will Hong Kong be included next? That's a matter for Yau to fight for during what is probably the remainder of his current term.

Perhaps more pressing is for him and Hsu to approach Tokyo to better understand why Sinovac is not acceptable to Japan for international travel purposes even though the vaccine has been approved by the World Health Organization in the fight against Covid.

Once their concerns are understood, officials will be able to address them.

Could the Japanese be scared by surreal TV images of draconian lockdowns in mainland cities, including Shanghai and Beijing?

Japan's policy to exclude travelers vaccinated with Sinovac or Sinopharm for now should by no means be representative of any global practice.

For example, the United Kingdom recognizes both Sinovac and Sinopharm in addition to the Western-developed jabs from Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson.

It is clear that the world has reached the opening-up stage, with countries scrambling for tourists in a post-pandemic order.

Austria has gone the furthest, dropping all Covid entry restrictions to such an extent that international visitors can now enter the country without needing to show proof of vaccination, recovery or a negative test.

For the time being, though, Yau could best devote the next month and a half to reaching an understanding with South Korea that it will not follow Japan's example and that it will welcome travelers vaccinated with Sinovac when it starts issuing short-term travel visas and e-visas again next month.

Don't let the bursting of the Hong Kong-Singapore travel bubble - which was not Yau's fault - overshadow the efforts.

According to Japan, international visitors will have to be tripled vaccinated with the first two doses being any of the recognized jabs, while the booster must be an mRNA dose.

Meanwhile, Hong Kong should start planning to reopen its international borders fully to get other nationals coming and spending here.

It must not fall too far behind others, bearing in mind that tourism has been one of the city's major economic pillars.

The latest pay trend survey findings are revealing in a number of ways.

Instead of showing zero growth or pay cuts in the private sector as anticipated, the government-appointed pay trend survey committee, headed by market veteran Lee Luen-fai, reported results that are making countless jaws drop.

First, it says junior staff in the private sector had wages boosted instead of reduced, as many had personally experienced in the brutal labor market.

As a result, junior civil servants may get a pay rise of slightly over 2 percent.

The Standard Channel

More>>


Second, middle-ranking managers had done even better and should be entitled to 4.55 percent more. Then, top-level administrators trumped everyone else, standing to receive a salary hike of an amazing 7.26 percent.

Lee said they accepted the figures as "correct and accurate" - but I can't help questioning them.

Although the pay trend survey covered 110 companies with 130,000 employees, it missed out on a number of sectors worst hit by the Covid outbreaks, including restaurants, hair salons, pubs and a host of retail businesses.

Even if it is argued that the survey period preceded the city's worst Omicron outbreaks this year, the gap in understanding is just too much to justify.

As the government had to hand out billions of dollars to bail out embattled employers and help workers stay in jobs, it is easy to understand the dropped jaws.

This year's pay trend exercise was flawed - but how should all these glossy figures be understood when Lee called them "correct and accurate"?

Perhaps an accelerated brain drain is the most plausible explanation for the self-contradictory situation.

At senior levels, company directors and senior executives have been leaving Hong Kong steadily for destinations including Singapore and Dubai to escape the SAR's strict quarantine rules.

Late last year, the then-president of the American Chamber of Commerce, Tara Joseph, left Hong Kong to return to the US, saying she had had enough of the Covid restrictions.

And JPMorgan Chase's chief Jamie Dimon said the Covid rules made it difficult to retain staff.

Dimon had top executives in mind, yet in the pay trend survey middle-ranking managers were given higher-than-expected pay rises during the survey period. Why?

This may be due to emigration.

A British Home Office survey of 500 BNO visa holders showed that almost 70 percent of these main applicants had degrees or higher education qualification, one tenth were company directors or senior executive,; 65 percent were professionals or associate professionals, and the rest were experienced in general administrative or secretarial work and other occupations.

These figures complete the puzzle: private employers had to offer more to retain or recruit staff to fill middle-ranking vacancies.

Civil servants, blessed with iron rice bowls, are insulated from labor market turmoil, except for wastage levels that the government has insisted are more or less normal.

For the past two years, the civil service has bucked the trend, with pay freezes rather than anticipated pay cuts giving staff a better couple of years than the private sector.

Civil service pay rises will be a hot potato for incoming chief executive John Lee Ka-chiu to handle if it is not defused before July 1.

Reports of Cathay Pacific Airways planning to embark on its largest recruitment exercise in memory is massively encouraging.

Can the airline finally see light at the end of the tunnel after periodic lockdowns over the past two years?

If so, will employers in other sectors also see the light and be as upbeat about the post-pandemic economy?

I certainly hope so.

The Standard Channel

More>>


The pandemic has devastated the aviation industry worldwide. During the worst time, Cathay and its peers had to ground most passenger flights.

Strict quarantine rules and tightened border restrictions meant it was operating at 2 percent of its pre-pandemic capacity for passenger flights.

And better-than-expected cargo performance could not bridge the losses.

Although Cathay's plight is common in the aviation industry, Hong Kong is rather late in easing border restrictions for residents returning to the city, let alone international travelers.

Operating from Hong Kong, Cathay has been battered by the restrictions more than others.

It is ironic that the airline - having laid off thousands of air and ground crew, including higher-paid and highly experienced professionals - is now forced to fill the vacancies in order to allow normal services to resume.

It will be an uphill task.

After having established themselves elsewhere, it is doubtful that sacked staff will be keen to return as the airline is not prepared to offer the packages that these experienced staff had been earning previously.

While some former staff may return, the recruits are expected to be mainly made up of inexperienced new blood.

Cathay is not alone in facing a staff shortage as the world emerges from the pandemic.

If contraction was sudden after the pandemic forced flights to remain grounded, expansion is also sudden as the pandemic ends to let flights take off again in large numbers.

Some airlines, including British Airways, have sought to cope with the sudden expansion by avoiding less-efficient routes in order to pool staff to serve the more reliable ones.

For example, the Hong Kong-London route is popular but the carrier has cancelled flights to the city until September due to uncertainty associated with the SAR's strict quarantine rule that bans an airline from flying passenger flights to Hong Kong should a few passengers test positive for Covid after landing.

Though eased a little recently, the rule remains horrendous for airline operators.

Cathay may be expected to benefit substantially from its de-facto monopoly on the Hong Kong-London route in the summer in the absence of direct rivals such as British Airways and Virgin Atlantic flying a route highly popular with Hongkongers.

That said, the Hong Kong-based airline still faces the uncertainty that has forced British Airways and Virgin Atlantic to temporarily cancel their flights here.

After millions of people contracted Covid during the Omicron wave, the grounds for banning airlines from flying here for a number of days if five passengers test positive has ceased to be relevant.

It is high time to scrap this rule.

The University of Hong Kong medical faculty dean Gabriel Leung Cheuk-wai raised many eyebrows after warning that a sixth Covid wave could be imminent.

Should he be chastised for making his concerns known? Not necessarily, though it may be tempting to do so.

First, he made his point at an internal session where doctors were supposed to share their opinions intellectually and freely.

Differing opinions are common in the scientific world. Although we are now more than two years into the pandemic, scientists are still divided over many aspects surrounding Covid.

The Standard Channel

More>>


Views are divided even on a simple question like whether Leung should be criticized.

Some believe he was being alarmist, while others point out he was stating his concerns in front of his peers who were, to a large extent, also from academia.

I was not alarmed after reading reports of a possible sixth wave. And it did not surprise me that some of his peers, including Ho Pak-leung and Yuen Kwok-yung, disagreed with him.

Second, the lack of consensus does not mean somebody must be at fault. Instead, they should be respected if their analysis is well based.

In this case, Leung's warning was based on an epidemiological modeling that he has been using since the pandemic began - even though it may not be the best methodology to rely on.

Rather, the primary issue before us is about the attitude with which we face the situation.

Had the same warning been sounded in 2020 or 2021, it would have caused considerable fear among the public as vaccines were unavailable or only a small number of people had been jabbed back then.

In the face of more deadly variants at that time and a much lower level of immunity in the community, it would have been hugely irresponsible to ignore Leung's warning had it been made at the time.

Today, we should remain vigilant - but with greater confidence.

It may be ironic, but the silver lining of the fifth wave of the milder variant of Omicron is that it has helped drive the hesitant to get vaccinated or immunize younger people via widespread infection with a milder version of the virus.

As legitimately observed by HKU epidemiologists Benjamin Cowling and Theo Chan, the recent Omicron wave has created an immunity barrier in the community.

Two years into the pandemic, Hong Kong is better prepared. Even if a sixth wave did occur as predicted, the results would most likely differ from what we have experienced for the past two years.

Then, should Leung have quipped to peers at the meeting that they had better meet whoever they need to these two weeks as "gatherings would be restricted" after the six wave broke out?

At best, he was being humorous. At worst, he was trying to scare, which would be utterly unwarranted.

Hongkongers have built a much stronger defense against Covid. While the number of cases is expected to rebound, the government should avoid unduly restricting social and economic activities even if the number rebounds.

The price of U.S. gasoline averaged more than US$5 a gallon for the first time on Saturday, data from the AAA showed, extending a surge in fuel costs that is driving rising inflation. 

The national average price for regular unleaded gas rose to US$5.004 a gallon on June 11 from US$4.986 a day earlier, AAA data showed. 

High gasoline prices are a headache for President Joe Biden and congressional Democrats as they struggle to maintain their slim control of Congress with midterm elections coming up in November. 

Biden has pulled on numerous levers to try to lower prices, including a record release of barrels from U.S. strategic reserves, waivers on rules for producing summer gasoline, and leaning on major OPEC countries to boost output. 

The Standard Channel

More>>


Yet fuel prices have been surging around the world due to a combination of rebounding demand, sanctions on oil producer Russia after its invasion of Ukraine and a squeeze on refining capacity. 

U.S. road travel, however, has remained relatively strong, just a couple of percentage points below pre-pandemic levels, even as prices have risen. 

Still, economists expect demand may start to decline if prices remain above US$5 a barrel for a sustained period. 

"The US$5 level is where we could see very heavy amounts of gasoline demand destruction," said Reid L'Anson, senior economist at Kpler. 

Adjusting for inflation, the U.S. gasoline average is still approximately 8 percent below June 2008 highs around US$5.41 a gallon, according to U.S. Energy Department figures. 

Consumer spending has so far remained resilient even with inflation running at its highest level in more than four decades, with household balance sheets shored up by pandemic relief programs and a tight job market that has fueled strong wage gains, especially for lower-income workers. 

Gasoline product supplied, a proxy for demand, was 9.2 million barrels per day last week, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, broadly in line with five-year seasonal averages. 

The high prices for drivers come as major oil-and-gas companies post bumper profits. Shell reported a record quarter in May and Chevron Corp and BP have posted their best numbers in a decade. 

Other majors, including Exxon Mobil and TotalEnergies, as well as U.S. independent shale operators, reported strong figures that have spurred share repurchases and dividend investments. 

Numerous companies have said they will avoid excessive investment to boost output due to investors’ desires to hold the line on spending, rather than respond to US$100-plus barrel prices that have persisted for months. 

Refiners have been struggling to rebuild inventories which have dwindled, especially on the U.S. East Coast, reflecting exports to Europe where buyers are weaning themselves off of Russian oil. 

Currently, refiners are utilizing about 94 percent of their capacity, but overall U.S. refining capacity has fallen, with at least five oil-processing plants shutting during the pandemic. 

That has left the United States structurally short of refining capacity for the first time in decades, analysts said. 

The United States late Friday rescinded a 17-month-old requirement that people arriving in the country by air test negative for Covid-19, a move that follows intense lobbying by airlines and the travel industry. 

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Rochelle Walensky issued a four-page order lifting the mandate, effective at 12:01 a.m. ET (0400 GMT) Sunday, saying it is "not currently necessary." 

The requirement had been one of the last major U.S. Covid-19 travel requirements. Its end comes as the summer travel season kicks off, and airlines were already preparing for record demand. Airlines have said that many Americans have not been not traveling internationally because of concerns they will test positive and be stranded abroad. 

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra said the CDC decision is based on science and available data, and said the agency "will not hesitate to reinstate a pre-departure testing requirement, if needed later." 

The Standard Channel

More>>


The CDC will reassess the decision in 90 days, an administration official said. 

The United States has required incoming international air travelers to provide pre-departure negative tests since January 2021. In December the CDC tightened the rule to require travelers to test negative within one day before flights to the United States rather than three days. 

The CDC has not required testing for land border crossings. 

Many countries in Europe and elsewhere have already dropped testing requirements. 

The CDC is still requiring most non-U.S. citizens to be vaccinated against Covid to travel to the United States. 

Two officials told Reuters the Biden administration had considered lifting the testing rule only for vaccinated travelers. 

JetBlue Airways Chief Executive Robin Hayes told Reuters on Friday that the testing requirement was "the last obstacle to a really full international travel recovery," saying that it "served no purpose anymore." 

IATA, the world's biggest airline trade group, said it was "great news" that the administration is "removing the ineffective pre-departure Covid test for travel to the US." 

In April, a federal judge declared the CDC's requirements that travelers wear masks on airplanes and in transit hubs like airports unlawful and the Biden administration stopped enforcing it. The Justice Department has appealed the order, but no decision is likely before fall at the earliest. 

The CDC continues to recommend travelers wear masks and get Covid-19 tests before and after international flights. 

Raymond James said in a research note that lifting the restrictions "is an important catalyst for international travel." 

Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Ed Bastian told Reuters last week that dropping the requirements will boost travel, noting that 44 of 50 countries Delta serves do not require testing. 

U.S. Travel Association CEO Roger Dow said Friday's move will "accelerate the recovery of the U.S. travel industry," which was hard hit by the pandemic. 
